I came from over here
this is the new face of cooperative
gaming with mechanics that rival even
the most complex of vetrix titles I'm
kidding of course because those of you
actually bothered to look up the game
before buying into the marketing hype
will recall how the makers themselves
describe it as a single player action
game with cooperative gameplay elements
yep they described it as a single player
action game single player allowing two
people to control Curtis Spock wait
that's it that's all there is to the
co-operative element
yep the co-operative element is exactly
that a single player experience with the
option of waiting for your idiot friend
to get his ass into gear and help you
pry open doors but I'm being unfair why
because people are dicks everyone's
being unfair I'm not rolling with this
intro because I don't like Star Trek
it's quite the opposite I really enjoyed
star trek I played it 10 hours straight
from start to finish it's a game that
knows what it is and somewhere between
marketing hyfid and release I've a
feeling everyone has just gotten a
little jaded or maybe I'm just a massive
fucking Star Trek fan boy that's
entirely up to you but in the immortal
words of Kenneth Lindenbaum yeah works
fine for me
okay okay so there's something you've
got along Stan it's not like don't
empathize with those affected by the US
release I really do I covered the story
and I criticized it another recent
article about the quality of triple-a
titles at the moment the thing is I've
received my review code on the UK launch
date when all the problems were fixed
I'm reviewing the Star Trek that I
played from our launch date if you want
a review of how the game played a week
ago you can go elsewhere I checked out
Star Trek how it was released to us in
the UK and that's just kind of how it is
indeed do you think it's usually they
appear if you want to know how the game
is now that it works well they're
definitely what chases chambers it's
true that Star Trek has all the
hallmarks of a generic third-person
cover shooter but then so do tomb raider
in fact two main was a game so stripped
of any character that was basically a
greatest hits album iterative mechanics
with the bottom lost in which we learn
how fragile intimate twenty-year-old
learnt to go from squeamish to mass
murder unless timing it takes to light a
cigarette yeah there's an argument
floating around which suggested a movie
lysis games are terrible from the same
people in lamenting the cancellation of
Star Wars 1313 so Star Wars has allowed
good games but Star Trek isn't oh I'm
sorry I must have forgot about Star Trek
elite force bridge commander deep space
nine the foreman the Starfleet Command
series king over had at me Armada to
away team dominium walls and the rest of
them clearly licensed games are terrible
and I'm just part of some JJ Abrams
multiverse where the facts are somehow
all backwards or some shit
it might be a licensed game but only
insofar as they got the right faces to
play the roles it's not based on the
previous film and it's not based on the
one coming this year it's about tidy
dinners a suicidal bungee jumper so for
one second less perhaps consider the
possibility that now it's working a
somewhat generic albeit not totally
totaled and Star Trek game might not
actually be share little forethought
next time and there will be no need for
gratitude captain now we've considered
the possibility let's look at the facts
yes Star Trek the video game requires
Star Trek fans but is not good because
it's Star Trek it's actually got a lot
going on for it firstly the shooting is
sublime the meat boot sound and feel of
all the weapons is fantastic the way
enemy ragdolls fly back is reminiscent
of the original series arms flailing and
all running and gunning is incredibly
fun and side stroking is almost a
perfect replica of the film's combat
secondly the story and pacing are
fantastic this isn't just 10 hours of
shooting a lot of your time will be
spent walking the corridors of the ship
being fed some sweet Star Trek
exposition as the story unfolds around
you they're also gliding moments
three-dimensional space puzzles crappy
hacking minigames and still sections
that when done right are really
rewarding this all flows nicely and
consistently in multiple sets easy with
authenticity there's actually a well
made game here it might just be another
third person cover shooter but since
when has it eration been so lowly
regarded at this point you're probably
thinking when the fuck is this British
douchebag going to mention the bugs well
actually now I wanted to do a montage of
the bugs we face but we actually didn't
face that many the worst buckets are
tracked the we saw was a relatively
consistent spawn problem where Kurt
would be hang in the air like an idiot
resetting the checkpoint putting us back
exactly where we were anyway fix this
that's literally the only bug we saw I
feel like I have to apologize for not
bringing you a buck montage that's not
normal
and to those of you who think that
digital extremes are paying me to say
that while the games creative directors
stop following me up Twitter over two
months ago fuck that guy and fuck is gay
well no actually the game's pretty good
damn it seriously don't leave me down
like every cover shooter things started
getting a little stale towards the
eighty percent mark but I started
getting close to board after nine hours
of one city I played the entirety of the
game with friends the beginning with one
guy in the latter's with justice we
played off voice comms for maximum
inversion and although the co-operative
element was superficial we enjoyed the
story and experience together if you're
someone who hates competent well paced
cover shooters with an authentic well
written story then steer clear of Star
Trek because it fails to deliver a flat
uneventful tedious and forgettable
cooperative experience I'm sorry I liked
it really I am